   

J mplifier or receiver having he source impedance available from the

 

   

 

ushed aluminum cord
ength > 36
Weight ounce
ipping Weight 12 ounce
iption he T-3 is provided with two spade lugs are one set. These connect to
speaker terminals. (Color rved to insure proper connections.) The
econd set is connected to Wire nuts are furnished for quick and
sitive splices
Schemat
| ches
rar oad
lol a Leer SPENCER

 

4413)

Sy EQUALS 4 uF @ 25V
Pasay
CRE M |

Operation After hookup is completed, Be sure volume control jis turned down. Turn speakers off with
switch on T-3. Plug stereophanes into T-3. Turn on mplifier or receiver and increase volume

to desifed level

To play speakers, throw T-3 speaker switch to on position, UNPLUG PHONES, and adjust

volume to desired level. | 7

Always, turn down volume before plugging in sensitive stereophones. UNPLUG PHONES

when not in use in order to ave accidents.

| Some stereo amplifiers do no} have a common grounded connection, especially those with a
phase reversal switch or po for a center channel output. If your receiver or amplifier does
not have a front panel phone Jack, special care must be taken in connecting the phones to the
speaker terminals. Before conhecting to an amplifier with a phase roversal switch, be sure the
speakers are in phase, with ‘1 SWitch in the normal position. This switch will not function
Properly with a common grolind in the system, so it should never be moved from normal

+ Positign. This will also avoid Hoing serious damage to the output stages of such equipment
'f youl have any questions abt the proper connection of the phones to your system, be sure

to consult with your dealer, of write to th
\e Koss Cust vi tment at the factory
for further information. tomer Service Departmer
|

il
KOSS Bee
KOSS Borp,
A >) Fe ORATION

} cauais 15.06

CAUTION

PORT WASHINGTON AVE. / MILWAUKEE, WISC. 53212

 

 

 

SPECIFICATIONS: T-3

The T-3 can be used with any amplifier or receiver having 4, 8 or 16 ohms as the source impedance available from the
output taps.

 

 

 

    
  

 

 

Color = Black with brushed aluminum trim and gray or black cord.

Size = 3%" x 2-1/8" x 14".

Cord Length + 2036"

Weight - 4 ounces.

Shipping Weight - 12 ounces.

Description - The T-3 is provided with two sets of leads. Four spade lugs are one set. These connect to
the speaker terminals. (Color-coding must be observed to insure proper connections.) The
second set is connected to the speaker wires. (Wire nuts are furnished for quick and
Positive splices.)

‘Schematic Diagram
von va [og ert
>t eon owns
exams 8 3 BF rer sans
ur vor | @ | nores:
EACH À EQUALS 1526 2W
Re | | mn riraar
| | eacnceauausa ur e2sv
| nr ee on
ty | CS. | \

Operation + After hookup is completed, be sure volume control is turned down. Turn speakers off with
switch on T-3. Plug stereophones into T-3. Turn on amplifier or receiver and increase volume
to desired level.

To play speakers, throw T-3 speaker switch to on position, UNPLUG PHONES, and adjust
volume to desired level. |
CAUTION - Always turn down volume before plugging in sensitive stereophones. UNPLUG PHONES
—_— when not in use in order to avoid accidents,
Some stereo amplifiers do not have à common grounded connection, especially those with a
phase reversal switch or provision for a center channel output. If your receiver or amplifier does
not have a front panel phone jack, special care must be taken in connecting the phones to the
speaker terminals. Before connecting to an amplifier with a phase roversal switch, be sure the
speakers are in phase, with the switch in the normal position. This switch will not function
Properly with à common ground in the system, so it should never be moved from normal
; Position. This will also avoid doing serious damage to the output stages of such equipment.
4 If you have any questions about the proper connection of the phones to your system, be sure
to consult with your dealer, of write to the Koss Customer Service Department at the factory
for further information.

i PIN 13-1140
oO S S SHIN
| 1 4129 MPORT WASHINGTON AVE. / MILWAUKEE, WISC. 53212

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
